Keith F. Prussing is a Research Engineer in the Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory (EOSL) at the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI).  He earned his BS in 2009 and his PhD in 2016 from the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Physics in 2016.  His current work focuses on enhancing the Georgia Tech Simulations (GTSIMS) architecture to incorporate more effects from light propagation in atmospheric and background clutter on the signature generated by a scene as viewed by a sensor.  He also works on improving the interoperability, accuracy and computational efficiency of the various components of the GTSIMS simulation framework.  In addition to his work on GTSIMS, Keith also maintains the Georgia Tech Signature prediction program, GTSIG, and the first principle thermal models it requires.  GTSIG is an integral component of GTSIMS for predicting the thermal signature of a target in a particular simulation.  Keith is the course administrator for the Infrared/Visible Signature Suppression course offered by EOSL as part of the Certificate in Infrared and Electro-Optical Technology through Georgia Tech Professional Education.  The course covers: basic signature concerns for ground, sea, and air vehicles, modeling and analysis techniques with a focus on the vehicle's signature, and an overview of suppression techniques.  He has also done research on radiative transfer with a focus on thermal effects on surface materials.  His research interests include near field radiative transfer between closely spaced nanoscale objects for thermal control, radiative transfer in complex geometries for energy balance analysis, electromagnetic wave scattering from arbitrary geometries, and modeling and simulation of infrared and visible light propagation for sensor performance studies.

Keith F. Prussing is a Research Engineer with EOSL at GTRI. He earned his PhD in 2016 from the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Physics in 2016. His current work focuses on enhancing the GTSIMS architecture to incorporate more effects from light propagation in atmospheric and background clutter on the signature generated by a scene as viewed by a sensor. He also works on improving the interoperability, accuracy and computational efficiency of the various components of the GTSIMS simulation framework. Keith is the course administrator for the Infrared/Visible Signature Suppression course offered by EOSL as part of the Certificate in Infrared and Electro-Optical Technology through Georgia Tech Professional Education. His research interests include radiative transfer in complex geometries for energy balance analysis, electromagnetic wave scattering from arbitrary geometries, and modeling and simulation of infrared and visible light propagation for sensor performance studies.


